#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-simple-history
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
build==1.1.1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via pip-tools
coverage==7.4.4
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-openid
diffimg==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
django==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-computedfields
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-fast-update
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-oapif
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
django-allauth==0.61.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-computedfields==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-fast-update==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-computedfields
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-migrate-sql-3==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-oapif @ git+https://github.com/opengisch/django-oapif.git
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-rest-knox==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-simple-history==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumbers]==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oapif
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   djangorestframework-gis
djangorestframework-gis @ git+https://github.com/openwisp/django-rest-framework-gis@82d9f0aa2457bb695bce9514f4fb055ddaa6a688
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oapif
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
faker==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via virtualenv
freezegun==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
identify==2.5.35
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oapif
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
ipython==8.22.2
    # via ipdb
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   plotly
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
phonenumbers==8.13.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.2.0
    # via diffimg
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via virtualenv
plotly==5.22.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pre-commit==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psycopg==3.1.18
    # via -r requirements.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oapif
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via ipython
pygraphviz==1.12
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   qrcode
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oapif
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oapif
    #   pre-commit
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
shapely==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   plotly
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-computedfields
    #   jwcrypto
    #   psycopg
    #   qrcode
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oapif
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
